README.md, before:

# PokeMMO-Companion
![CI & Release](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/CI_and_Release.yml)
![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion)
![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/total)


## Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Features](#features)
* [Contributing and Support](#contributing-and-support)
* [License](#license)

## Installation
1. Download the latest release from [releases section](https://github.com/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/releases)
2. Extract the application archive to where you typically store your applications (location doesn't matter, aslong the contents of the PokeMMO-Companion folder stay on the same relative path to one another)
3. Open the PokeMMO-Companion executable (PokeMMO-Companion.exe on Windows, PokeMMO-Companion on Linux)

> [!NOTE]
> You must also repeat this process to update to a newer release, since I haven't had the time to make a proper installer.\
> Just be sure to copy over all custom changes you made to the resources folder.
 
## Features
[TODO]

## Contributing and Support
For all issues, feature requests or support questions please open a new [issue](https://github.com/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/issues). I am always happy to help.\
All pull requests are welcome, but they must be approved by me before being merged.

## License
[TODO]

Commit message:

Updated LICENSE information in README

README.md, after:

# PokeMMO-Companion
![CI & Release](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/CI_and_Release.yml)
![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion)
![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/total)


## Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Features](#features)
* [Contributing and Support](#contributing-and-support)
* [License](#license)

## Installation
1. Download the latest release from [releases section](https://github.com/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/releases)
2. Extract the application archive to where you typically store your applications (location doesn't matter, aslong the contents of the PokeMMO-Companion folder stay on the same relative path to one another)
3. Open the PokeMMO-Companion executable (PokeMMO-Companion.exe on Windows, PokeMMO-Companion on Linux)

> [!NOTE]
> You must also repeat this process to update to a newer release, since I haven't had the time to make a proper installer.\
> Just be sure to copy over all custom changes you made to the resources folder.
 
## Features
[TODO]

## Contributing and Support
For all issues, feature requests or support questions please open a new [issue](https://github.com/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/issues). I am always happy to help.\
All pull requests are welcome, but they must be approved by me before being merged.

## License
This project is under the standard [MIT License](https://github.com/Matzeall/PokeMMO-Companion/blob/main/LICENSE).\
Do anything you like with it, but keep it free for everyone.
